.\" man page for shell script currstat
.\" Eli Stine
.\" CS241 - Sys. Prog. with Steven Crain
.\" Date

.TH currstat 1 "November 13 2012" "CSCI 241" "Oberlin College"

.SH NAME
.B currstat
\− Displays the current status of a user, including info. about the
user, their processes, and server usage heuristics

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B currstat <username> [optional flags]
Flags:
[-a]
[-g]
[-i]
[-p]
[-t]
[-w]

.SH DESCRIPTION
currstat displays the following (commands without flag are
displayed automatically, if the data for them exists):

# 1) Full name of user, position (student, teacher, alumni, sys admin etc.)

# 1a) If they have a website named after them (-w flag)

# 2) Last x commands they made (default is 3) (increases to 10 with -p
flag)

# 2a) Process they have with greatest virtual memory usage and process
they have with greatest number of pages (-g flag)

# 2b) Process tree for user (-t flag)

# 3) Number of connections on their IP address

# 4) Time when they logged on

# 5a) How long they've been idle, if they're idle (-i flag) 

# Bonus: -a flag sets all flags on

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-a"
Is the same as running currstat with all of the flags below on.

.IP "-g"
Calculates the 2 processes the user has running that have the most
virtual memory used and pages open, respectively, if the user has
processes open.

.IP "-i"
Checks if the user has been idle. If they have been, length of time
they have been idle is output, if not, a message saying as much is output.

.IP "-p"
Will display up to 10 of the user's most recent commands
rather than the normal 3.

.IP "-t"
Displays the process tree for the user input.

.IP "-w"
Searches the whois world wide web database and returns whether or not
the user whose current status is being checked has a website named
after their full name (for example, estine -> searches for "EliStine.com/net/org/etc."

.SH AUTHOR
Eli Stine (Fall 2012)

.SH BUGS
If the user has processes that are older than 24 hours then the
formatting of the entry in the stime column of ps changes and it is
not guaranteed that the order of their most recent processes will be correct
